Added description for ESXi Hypervisor (#701)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/hardware.md

### VMware

![VMware logo](assets/images/VMwareESXi_01.jpg){: width="200" height="45" loading="lazy"}

The VMware virtual machine (e.g. [VMware Workstation Player](https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-player.html/), [VMware Workstation Pro](https://www.vmware.com/content/vmware/vmware-published-sites/us/products/workstation-pro.html/), [VMware Fusion](https://www.vmware.com/products/fusion.html/)) is great for those occasions where SBC performance just isn't enough. Run one of these on any x86_64 PC/server (Windows, Linux, macOS) and still get the same great DietPi features and experience.

> The [VMware ESXi Hypervisor](https://www.vmware.com/products/esxi-and-esx.html/), described as a "Bare Metal Hypervisor" (aka [Type-1 hypervisor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervisor/)) is part of e.g. the [VMware vSphere Hypervisor platform](https://www.vmware.com/products/vsphere-hypervisor.html/) ("appliance server"). It allows to run and manage multiple virtual machines on a x86_64 machine, similar to the Proxmox appliance server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [VMware ESXi Hypervisor](https://www.vmware.com/products/esxi-and-esx.html/), described as a "Bare Metal Hypervisor" aka [Type-1 hypervisor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervisor/), is part of e.g. the [VMware vSphere Hypervisor platform](https://www.vmware.com/products/vsphere-hypervisor.html/) ("appliance server"). It allows to run and manage multiple virtual machines on one x86_64 machine. That way it can be compared to the [Proxmox](#proxmox) appliance server.
```

                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td><a class="table" href=""><strong>VMware Player / Fusion</strong></a></td>
                <td>
                   <strong>Download</strong>: <a href="https://dietpi.com/downloads/images/DietPi_VMware-x86_64-Bullseye.7z">DietPi VMX appliance</a>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td><a class="table" href=""><strong>VMware ESXi Hypervisor</strong></a></td>
                <td>

>                    <strong>Download</strong>: <a href="https://dietpi.com/downloads/images/DietPi_ESXi-x86_64-Bullseye.7z">DietPi appliance</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   <strong>Download</strong>: <a href="https://dietpi.com/downloads/images/DietPi_ESXi-x86_64-Bullseye.7z">DietPi OVA appliance</a>
```
